Cube Escape v0.7, written by Sean McKean, Gamechild Software

Description:
    You are inside a cube made up of numerous shells, with a maze etched
    on the surface of each shell. Escape the cube by travelling through
    the mazes, including over cube edges, until you find an upward exit.
    When you reach the red exit, you win.

Requirements:
    SDL             http://www.libsdl.org/download-1.2.php
    SDL_ttf         http://www.libsdl.org/projects/SDL_ttf/

Build instructions:
    Type  make  at a suitable terminal in the main directory to build
    the executable.

To run:
    Under Linux, type  ./cube-escape  at a terminal to run.
    Under Windows, run cube-escape.exe .

Controls:
    At the options screen:
        'Exit distance' controls exit distance factor of farthest
          possible distance from maze beginning for each cube shell;
          the smaller the factor, the closer the exit to the next shell.
        'Number of levels' controls how many shells to calculate before
          final exit.
        'Starting level' controls which shell to start player on.
        'Advanced graphics' controls whether or not the game makes use
          of alpha-fade effects and gradual rotations.

    In game:
        Move player around maze with arrow keys. Holding shift down and
        pressing the arrow keys rotates maze clockwise, counter-
        clockwise, or adjusts zoom; holding control and pressing the
        arrow keys rotates to a different face of the cube. Pressing 'a'
        key over a green exit makes the player ascend one level; 'd'
        over a blue exit makes the player descend. The Enter key handles
        both ascending and descending appropriately. Pressing 'f' sets
        the camera mode for following the player on/off. Press '=' to
        restore previous zoom level. Press 'q' to quit.

Updates:
    v0.7: Fixed Windows bug that hinders the player from moving at the
          beginning.
          Added option to set the beginning level.
          Various fixes.

    v0.6: Added start menu to play or resume game and set options.
          Added alpha transition to level changes.
          Added end screen.

    v0.5: Initial release.

TODO:
    - Add mouse support to control maze rotation, zoom, and player
      movement.
    - Add sound support.
    - Allow more than one exit per level.

Questions... Ideas.. Comments.
Email: <smckean@yvn.com>
